User Doc for LPWAN Custom Codec feature (#206)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lpwan-custom-codec-bundle/codec-api-definition.md

---
weight: 20
title: Codec API defintion
layout: redirect
---

LPWAN Agents provide a way to plugin custom codecs, capable of encoding and decoding the payloads to and from the LPWAN devices. 

> A custom codec is a typical Cumulocity microservice conforming to the following contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom codec is a typical {{< product-c8y-iot >}} microservice conforming to the following contract.
```
